.TH BOOKMENU 1 2020-02-16 GNU

.SH NAME
bookmenu \- generic bookmark handler

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bookmenu
[\fB\-l \fIlines\fR]
[\fB\-m \fImonitor\fR]
[\fB\-p \fItext\fR]
[\fB\-fn \fIfont\fR]
[\fB\-nb \fIcolor\fR]
[\fB\-nf \fIcolor\fR]
[\fB\-sb \fIcolor\fR]
[\fB\-sf \fIcolor\fR]
[\fB\-b \fIpath\fR]
[\fB\-c \fIpath\fR]
[\fB\-co \fIcommand\fR]
[\fB\-sp \fIseperator\fR]
[\fB\-f \fIfuzzy_finder\fR]
[\fB\-a \fIbookmark\fR]
[\fB\-r \fIbookmark\fR]
[\fB\-g\fR]
[\fB\-gb\fR]
[\fB\-gc\fR]
[\fB\-o\fR]
[\fB\-h\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bookmenu
is a generic bookmark handler initially intended to be used to eliminate the need to migrate bookmarks between web browsers, however it has since be extended to also work with other types of bookmarks.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-l " " \fIlines\fR
lists items vertically, with the given the number of lines, only works in dmenu mode.
.TP
.BR \-m " " \fImonitor\fR
displays the fuzzy finder on monitor number supplied. Monitor numbers are starting from 0. Only works in dmenu mode.
.TP
.BR \-p " " \fItext\fR
defines the prompt text to be displayed in the fuzzy finder.
.TP
.BR \-fn " " \fIfont\fR
defines the font or font set used.
.TP
.BR \-nb " " \fIcolor\fR
defines the normal background color. \fI#RGB\fR, \fI#RRGGBB\fR, and X color names are supported.
.TP
.BR \-nf " " \fIcolor\fR
defines the normal foreground color.
.TP
.BR \-sb " " \fIcolor\fR
defines the selected background color.
.TP
.BR \-sf " " \fIcolor\fR
defines the selected foreground color.
.TP
.BR \-b " " \fIpath\fR
selects the file read bookmarks from.
.TP
.BR \-c " " \fIpath\fR
selects the config file to read from.
.TP
.BR \-co " " \fIcommand\fR
defines the command to run the selected bookmark with.
.TP
.BR \-sp " " \fIseperator\fR
defines the seperator to split a bookmark line on.
.TP
.BR \-f " " \fIfuzzy_finder\fR
defines the fuzzy finder to select a bookmark with.
.TP
.BR \-a " " \fIbookmark\fR
adds a new bookmark.
.TP
.BR \-r " " \fIbookmark\fR
removes a bookmark.
.TP
.BR \-g
regenerates the entire configure folder.
.TP
.BR \-gb
regenerates the default bookmarks file.
.TP
.BR \-gc
regenerates the default config file.
.TP
.BR \-o
outputs the path of the selected bookmark to standard out.
.TP
.BR \-h
prints out the help information.

.SH USAGE
see the documentation for \fIdmenu\fR(1) and \fIfzf\fR(1) for a list of the keybindings. None of the keybindings have been changed from their default values.

.SH SEE ALSO
\fIdmenu\fR(1), \fIfzf\fR(1)
